Each day over four crore Americans prefer eating pizza.
it is believed to be most popular food stuff in the world.
It certainly is one of the favourite foods of Americans
Seeing its popularity, the American agriculture ministry released a report about its consumption.
The report describes it as a foodstuff which contributes fat, calcium and sodium along with nutrients to American food. 
It is popular, but is it also harmful to you?
Scientists argue that pizza is not harmful for health, the real problem is when and how you eat it.
According to this report almost 13 percent of Americans eat pizza every day, including kids and youngsters the figure increases to 22 percent. 
If it were made at home then there would not be anything to worry about.
The president of the Spanish Association of Nutritionists Giuseppe Russolillo says, "you should keep in mind that many people consider it as artisan product in Italy, it is seen as a form of junk food in America."
They say that pizza is mostly bought from fast food shops or supermarkets.
Men eat more pizza compared to women in America but eating habits are different among different ethnic groups.
16% of the non-Hispanic whites eat pizza while 14% of non-Hispanic blacks or Hispanics eat at least one slice of pizza a day.
Ruben Bravo of European Medical Institute of Obesity tells the BBC, "This says something about the American diet. It could also be a reason why America has highest number of cases of obesity. "
Russolillo agrees with Bravo's argument.
He says that pizza should not be eaten more than two-three times a month.
He says, "it should not be a part of everyday diet."
It should be even lesser for kids, because it is their developmental period, in this period you should give them different types of healthy food with vegetables and fruits."
Pizza came in vogue in America at the beginning of the 20th century due to influence of Italian immigrants.
The first restaurant opened in New York in 1905.
Since then, Americans' love for pizza has kept increasing.
According to speculation three billion pizzas are sold in America each year.
According to report of American agriculture ministry pizza has 6% contibution in the total energy obtained from the meal of a 19 year old. 
It is 4% in adults.
The day pizza is consumed, it contributes to 27% of the total energy of consumers of all age groups.
